Update gNMI proto encoding, remove decimal64 (#151)
openconfig/reference: rpc/gnmi/gnmi-specification.md

    i.e., `uint8`, `uint16`, `uint32`, `uint64`).
*   `bool` in the `bool_val` field, used to store boolean values.
*   `bytes` (see [2.3.2](#232-bytes))
*   `float` in the `double_val` field, used to store floating-point values (i.e.,
    `float32`, `float64`).

>   * Note: All values referenced as Decimal64 in any models should also be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Note: All values defined using the YANG `decimal64` datatype should also be
```

>     encoded as double_val when PROTO encoding is requested. Direct support of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    encoded as `double_val` when PROTO encoding is requested. Direct support of
```

# 7 Revision History

> * v0.7.0: April 28, 2022

Reviewer: I think this is really 0.8.0? I think we have a skew between the proto version and the doc version.

Author: You are correct.  We apparently missed the update to 0.7.0 in 2018.  I've added the change history.
